pySCG: Adding documentation to CWE-489 (#717)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Secure-Coding-Guide-for-Python/CWE-710/CWE-489/README.md

|OpenStack ironic-inspector, ironic-discoverd|[CVE-2015-5306](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2015-5306)|When debug mode is enabled, might allow remote attackers to access the Flask console and execute arbitrary Python code by triggering an error.|CVSS 2.x: 6.8||

## Related Guidelines

|||
|:---|:---|
|[MITRE CWE](http://cwe.mitre.org/)|Pillar: [CWE-710: Improper Adherence to Coding Standards (4.13) (mitre.org)](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/710.html)|
|[MITRE CWE](http://cwe.mitre.org/)|Base: [CWE-489: Active Debug Code (4.13) (mitre.org)](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/489.html)|
|[SEI CERT Coding Standard for Java](https://wiki.sei.cmu.edu/confluence/display/java/SEI+CERT+Oracle+Coding+Standard+for+Java)|[ENV05-J. Do not deploy an application that can be remotely monitored](https://wiki.sei.cmu.edu/confluence/display/java/ENV05-J.+Do+not+deploy+an+application+that+can+be+remotely+monitored)|

> |[Python - Secure Coding One Stop Shop](https://eteamspace.internal.ericsson.com/display/DEVEN/Python+-+Secure+Coding+One+Stop+Shop)|[FIO13-P3. Do not log sensitive information outside a trust boundary](https://eteamspace.internal.ericsson.com/display/DEVEN/FIO13-P3.+Do+not+log+sensitive+information+outside+a+trust+boundary)|

Reviewer: wrong link.

```suggestion
|[Python - Secure Coding One Stop Shop](https://eteamspace.internal.ericsson.com/display/DEVEN/Python+-+Secure+Coding+One+Stop+Shop)|[CWE-532: Insertion of Sensitive Information into Log File](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/tree/main/docs/Secure-Coding-Guide-for-Python/CWE-664/CWE-532/README.md)|
```

## Bibliography

|||
|:---|:---|
|[[Monkey patch - Wikipedia 2023](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch)]|Wikimedia Foundation. (2024). Monkey patch [online]. Available from: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch) [accessed 3 January 2025]

> |[[Hammond 2022](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch)]|John Hammond. (2024). DANGEROUS Python Flask Debug Mode Vulnerabilities [online]. Available from: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwBRgaIRdgs](hhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwBRgaIRdgs) [accessed 3 January 2025]

Reviewer: wrong link
```suggestion
|[[Hammond 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwBRgaIRdgs)]|DANGEROUS Python Flask Debug Mode Vulnerabilities [online]. Available from: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwBRgaIRdgs](hhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwBRgaIRdgs) [accessed 3 January 2025]
```
